# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date: 2 December 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Jory Burson (OASIS)

**Regrets:**  Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS) 

**Guests:** None

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   We need a clear discussion of trademark with OASIS. \
John makes a motion: “We agree to begin the process of investigating whether and how to establish trademark for name and logo for Baseline Protocol; we also would like to determine registration possibilities around use of the word ‘Baseline’ as well.”  Seconded by Dan Burnett.  MOTION PASSES.
            *   They do press releases on Wednesdays at 10 am, but sponsors and press need advance time to review (minimum of a week). We have just been informed of a draft press release which we need to review.  John would prefer that comments are received before tomorrow’s TSC meeting.  DanB suggested in the future that the PGB is notified 9 days in advance, at minimum, so we have 48 hours to review before press would see a version.  We agree to do that - 48 hours for PGB to object, which opens opportunity for discussion.
            *   Personally disappointed in ability to wrap up and collect learnings and content from hackathon.
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   ACTION: JB to touch base with them this week.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
            *   Came from the Unibright social community.  They will present to us when it’s more presentable.  ACTION: Stefan to check on status and report back. 
    *   Discussion items
        *   Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call)
        *   John Wolpert to develop a proposal about project funding/incentives in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals
            *   John will report on this in January after seeing what worked/didn’t for the Gitcoin bounty
        *   We need to look for an alternative meeting time. \
ACTION: DanB will send a Doodle poll with some options.
        *   For next time, John would like to review expenses we had for the summit.
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   Project wish list
        *   There is a need for a ZK-circuit generator that is not GPL.
        *   Would be nice to see an EVM spec.